now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron
now the Lord spoke to Moses and Aaron speak to the children of Israel saying
speak to the children of Israel saying
speak to the children of Israel saying these are the animals which you may eat
these are the animals which you may eat
these are the animals which you may eat among all the animals that are on the
among all the animals that are on the
among all the animals that are on the earth among the animals whatever divides
earth among the animals whatever divides
earth among the animals whatever divides the hoof having cloven hooves and
the hoof having cloven hooves and
the hoof having cloven hooves and chewing the cud that you may eat
chewing the cud that you may eat
chewing the cud that you may eat nevertheless these you shall not eat
nevertheless these you shall not eat
nevertheless these you shall not eat among those that chew the cud or those
among those that chew the cud or those
among those that chew the cud or those that have cloven hooves the camel
that have cloven hooves the camel
that have cloven hooves the camel because it chews the card but does not
because it chews the card but does not
because it chews the card but does not have cloven hooves is unclean to you the
have cloven hooves is unclean to you the
have cloven hooves is unclean to you the rock hyrax
rock hyrax
rock hyrax because it chews the card but does not
because it chews the card but does not
because it chews the card but does not have cloven hooves
have cloven hooves
have cloven hooves is unclean to you the hair because it
is unclean to you the hair because it
is unclean to you the hair because it chews the cud but does not have cloven
chews the cud but does not have cloven
chews the cud but does not have cloven hooves is unclean to you and the swine
hooves is unclean to you and the swine
hooves is unclean to you and the swine though it divides the hoof having cloven
though it divides the hoof having cloven
though it divides the hoof having cloven hooves
hooves
hooves yet does not chew the card is unclean to
yet does not chew the card is unclean to
yet does not chew the card is unclean to you
you
you their flesh you shall not eat and their
their flesh you shall not eat and their
their flesh you shall not eat and their carcasses you shall not touch they are
carcasses you shall not touch they are
carcasses you shall not touch they are unclean to you these you may eat of all
unclean to you these you may eat of all
unclean to you these you may eat of all that are in the water whatever in the
that are in the water whatever in the
that are in the water whatever in the water has fins and scales whether in the
water has fins and scales whether in the
water has fins and scales whether in the seas or in the rivers that you may eat
seas or in the rivers that you may eat
seas or in the rivers that you may eat but all in the seas or in the rivers
but all in the seas or in the rivers
but all in the seas or in the rivers that do not have fins and scales all
that do not have fins and scales all
that do not have fins and scales all that move in the water or any living
that move in the water or any living
that move in the water or any living thing which is in the water they are an
thing which is in the water they are an
thing which is in the water they are an abomination to you they shall be an
abomination to you they shall be an
abomination to you they shall be an abomination to you you shall not eat
abomination to you you shall not eat
abomination to you you shall not eat their flesh but you shall regard their
their flesh but you shall regard their
their flesh but you shall regard their carcasses
carcasses
carcasses as an abomination whatever in the water
as an abomination whatever in the water
as an abomination whatever in the water does not have fins or scales that shall
does not have fins or scales that shall
does not have fins or scales that shall be an abomination to you
be an abomination to you
be an abomination to you and these you shall regard as an
and these you shall regard as an
and these you shall regard as an abomination among the birds they shall
abomination among the birds they shall
abomination among the birds they shall not be eaten they are an abomination the
not be eaten they are an abomination the
not be eaten they are an abomination the eagle the vulture the Buzzard the kite
eagle the vulture the Buzzard the kite
eagle the vulture the Buzzard the kite and the Falcon after its kind every
and the Falcon after its kind every
and the Falcon after its kind every Raven after its kind the ostrich the
Raven after its kind the ostrich the
Raven after its kind the ostrich the short eared owl
short eared owl
short eared owl the seagull and the hawk after its kind
the seagull and the hawk after its kind
the seagull and the hawk after its kind the little owl the fish are all and the
the little owl the fish are all and the
the little owl the fish are all and the screech are the white owl the jet door
screech are the white owl the jet door
screech are the white owl the jet door and the carrion vulture the stork the
and the carrion vulture the stork the
and the carrion vulture the stork the Heron after its kind the Hoopoe and the
Heron after its kind the Hoopoe and the
Heron after its kind the Hoopoe and the bat all flying insects that creep on all
bat all flying insects that creep on all
bat all flying insects that creep on all fours shall be an abomination to you yet
fours shall be an abomination to you yet
fours shall be an abomination to you yet these you may eat of every flying insect
these you may eat of every flying insect
these you may eat of every flying insect that creeps on all fours those which
that creeps on all fours those which
that creeps on all fours those which have jointed legs above their feet with
have jointed legs above their feet with
have jointed legs above their feet with which to leap on the earth these you may
which to leap on the earth these you may
which to leap on the earth these you may eat the locust after its kind the
eat the locust after its kind the
eat the locust after its kind the destroying locust after its kind the
destroying locust after its kind the
destroying locust after its kind the cricket after its kind and the
cricket after its kind and the
cricket after its kind and the grasshopper after its kind but all other
grasshopper after its kind but all other
grasshopper after its kind but all other flying insects which have four feet
flying insects which have four feet
flying insects which have four feet shall be an abomination to you by these
shall be an abomination to you by these
shall be an abomination to you by these you shall become unclean whoever touches
you shall become unclean whoever touches
you shall become unclean whoever touches the carcass of any of them shall be
the carcass of any of them shall be
the carcass of any of them shall be unclean until evening whoever carries
unclean until evening whoever carries
unclean until evening whoever carries part of the carcass of any of them shall
part of the carcass of any of them shall
part of the carcass of any of them shall wash his clothes and be unclean until
wash his clothes and be unclean until
wash his clothes and be unclean until even
even
even the caucus of any animal which divides
the caucus of any animal which divides
the caucus of any animal which divides the foot but is not cloven-hoofed
the foot but is not cloven-hoofed
the foot but is not cloven-hoofed or does not chew the card is unclean to
or does not chew the card is unclean to
or does not chew the card is unclean to you everyone who touches it shall be
you everyone who touches it shall be
you everyone who touches it shall be unclean and whatever goes on its paws
unclean and whatever goes on its paws
unclean and whatever goes on its paws among all kinds of animals that go on
among all kinds of animals that go on
among all kinds of animals that go on all fours those are unclean to you
all fours those are unclean to you
all fours those are unclean to you whoever touches any such carcass shall
whoever touches any such carcass shall
whoever touches any such carcass shall be unclean until evening whoever carries
be unclean until evening whoever carries
be unclean until evening whoever carries in his such carcass shall wash his
in his such carcass shall wash his
in his such carcass shall wash his clothes and be unclean until evening it
clothes and be unclean until evening it
clothes and be unclean until evening it is unclean to you
is unclean to you
is unclean to you these also shall be unclean to you among
these also shall be unclean to you among
these also shall be unclean to you among the creeping things that creep on the
the creeping things that creep on the
the creeping things that creep on the earth the mole the mouse and the large
earth the mole the mouse and the large
earth the mole the mouse and the large lizard after its kind the Gecko the
lizard after its kind the Gecko the
lizard after its kind the Gecko the monitor lizard the sand reptile the sand
monitor lizard the sand reptile the sand
monitor lizard the sand reptile the sand lizard and the chameleon these are
lizard and the chameleon these are
lizard and the chameleon these are unclean to you among all that creep
unclean to you among all that creep
unclean to you among all that creep whoever touches them when they are dead
whoever touches them when they are dead
whoever touches them when they are dead shall be unclean until evening anything
shall be unclean until evening anything
shall be unclean until evening anything on which any of them falls when they are
on which any of them falls when they are
on which any of them falls when they are dead shall be unclean whether it is any
dead shall be unclean whether it is any
dead shall be unclean whether it is any item of wood or clothing or skin or sack
item of wood or clothing or skin or sack
item of wood or clothing or skin or sack whatever item it is in which any work is
whatever item it is in which any work is
whatever item it is in which any work is done it must be put in water and it
done it must be put in water and it
done it must be put in water and it shall be unclean until evening then it
shall be unclean until evening then it
shall be unclean until evening then it shall be clean any earthen vessel into
shall be clean any earthen vessel into
shall be clean any earthen vessel into which any of them falls you shall break
which any of them falls you shall break
which any of them falls you shall break and whatever is in it shall be unclean
and whatever is in it shall be unclean
and whatever is in it shall be unclean in such a vessel any edible food upon
in such a vessel any edible food upon
in such a vessel any edible food upon which water falls becomes unclean and
which water falls becomes unclean and
which water falls becomes unclean and any drink that may be drunk from it
any drink that may be drunk from it
any drink that may be drunk from it becomes unclean and everything on which
becomes unclean and everything on which
becomes unclean and everything on which a part of any such carcass falls shall
a part of any such carcass falls shall
a part of any such carcass falls shall be unclean whether it is an oven or
be unclean whether it is an oven or
be unclean whether it is an oven or cooking stove it shall be broken down
cooking stove it shall be broken down
cooking stove it shall be broken down for they are unclean and shall be
for they are unclean and shall be
for they are unclean and shall be unclean to you nevertheless a spring or
unclean to you nevertheless a spring or
unclean to you nevertheless a spring or a system in which there is plenty of
a system in which there is plenty of
a system in which there is plenty of water
water
water be clean but whatever touches any such
be clean but whatever touches any such
be clean but whatever touches any such caucus becomes unclean and if a part of
caucus becomes unclean and if a part of
caucus becomes unclean and if a part of any such caucus falls on any planting
any such caucus falls on any planting
any such caucus falls on any planting seed which is to be sown it remains
seed which is to be sown it remains
seed which is to be sown it remains clean
clean
clean but if water is put on the seed and if a
but if water is put on the seed and if a
but if water is put on the seed and if a part of any such carcass falls on it it
part of any such carcass falls on it it
part of any such carcass falls on it it becomes unclean to you and if any animal
becomes unclean to you and if any animal
becomes unclean to you and if any animal which you may eat dies he who touches
which you may eat dies he who touches
which you may eat dies he who touches its carcass shall be unclean until
its carcass shall be unclean until
its carcass shall be unclean until evening he who eats of its carcass shall
evening he who eats of its carcass shall
evening he who eats of its carcass shall wash his clothes and be unclean until
wash his clothes and be unclean until
wash his clothes and be unclean until evening he also who carries its carcass
evening he also who carries its carcass
evening he also who carries its carcass shall wash his clothes and be unclean
shall wash his clothes and be unclean
shall wash his clothes and be unclean until evening and every creeping thing
until evening and every creeping thing
until evening and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth shall be an
that creeps on the earth shall be an
that creeps on the earth shall be an abomination it shall not be eaten
abomination it shall not be eaten
abomination it shall not be eaten whatever crawls on its belly whatever
whatever crawls on its belly whatever
whatever crawls on its belly whatever goes on all fours or whatever has many
goes on all fours or whatever has many
goes on all fours or whatever has many feet among all creeping things that
feet among all creeping things that
feet among all creeping things that creep on the earth these you shall not
creep on the earth these you shall not
creep on the earth these you shall not eat for they are an abomination you
eat for they are an abomination you
eat for they are an abomination you shall not make yourselves abominable
shall not make yourselves abominable
shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creeps nor
with any creeping thing that creeps nor
with any creeping thing that creeps nor shall you make yourselves unclean with
shall you make yourselves unclean with
shall you make yourselves unclean with them lest you be defiled by them for I
them lest you be defiled by them for I
them lest you be defiled by them for I am the Lord your God you shall therefore
am the Lord your God you shall therefore
am the Lord your God you shall therefore consecrate yourselves and you shall be
consecrate yourselves and you shall be
consecrate yourselves and you shall be holy for I am
holy for I am
holy for I am neither shall you defile yourselves with
neither shall you defile yourselves with
neither shall you defile yourselves with any creeping thing that creeps on the
any creeping thing that creeps on the
any creeping thing that creeps on the earth for I am the lord who brings you
earth for I am the lord who brings you
earth for I am the lord who brings you up out of the land of Egypt to be your
up out of the land of Egypt to be your
up out of the land of Egypt to be your God you shall therefore be holy for I am
God you shall therefore be holy for I am
God you shall therefore be holy for I am holy
holy
holy this is the law of the animals and the
this is the law of the animals and the
this is the law of the animals and the birds and every living creature that
birds and every living creature that
birds and every living creature that moves in the waters and of every
moves in the waters and of every
moves in the waters and of every creature that creeps on the earth to
creature that creeps on the earth to
creature that creeps on the earth to distinguish between the unclean and the
distinguish between the unclean and the
distinguish between the unclean and the clean and between the animal that may be
clean and between the animal that may be
clean and between the animal that may be and the animal that may not be